Github Page: [https://github.com/masoud-iranmehr/cpp_signal_slot_events](https://github.com/masoud-iranmehr/cpp_signal_slot_events)

# Introduction to cpp_signal_slot_events
This is a C++ implementation of the cpp_signal_slot_events. This code, provides you an event based C++ programming tool 
by determining SIGNALs and SLOTs and making them connected to each other. Whenever the SIGNAL fires, then its related SLOT
starts to execute.

You can use "event.hpp" file and include this single file only in your C++ project to benefit from event-based 
programming environment.

# How to use

Just clone the project:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/masoud-iranmehr/cpp_signal_slot_events
cd cpp_signal_slot_events
```

   
Then for running it using CMAKE just follow this:

    cmake .
    make
    ./test_event
    
Or if you are using "g++" or any command-line c++ build tools, you have to include "thread" library as this:

    g++ -o test_event main.cpp -pthread
    
Or

    g++ -std=c++11 -o test_event main.cpp -pthread    
    
Then for running your test application:

```bash
./test_event
```

Output would be as similar as this:

    Hello World!
    event1: Established at Mon Oct 26 23:12:53 2020
    
    fire!
    sig1: Fired at Mon Oct 26 23:12:56 2020
    
    event1: Slot started at Mon Oct 26 23:12:56 2020
    
    slot executed
    event1: Slot finished at Mon Oct 26 23:12:56 2020
    
    fire!
    sig1: Fired at Mon Oct 26 23:12:59 2020
    
    event1: Slot started at Mon Oct 26 23:12:59 2020
    
    slot executed
    event1: Slot finished at Mon Oct 26 23:12:59 2020
    
    bye!


# How to implement on your C++ project

You just need to copy "event.hpp" to your project and include it in your source code. Then if you are using CMAKE for 
building your targets, do not forget including these lines for introducing "thread" library in "CMakelists.txt".
 
    set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 11)
    set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS -pthread)
    
Then include necessay files:

    #include <thread>
    #include "PATH_TO_EVENT_HPP_FILE/event.hpp"

Then write your SLOT function as this (example):

    // Example function for SLOT
    void my_slot()
    {
        std::cout << "slot executed" << std::endl;
    }

Then create a SIGNAL as this (example):

    Signal my_signal("sig1");
    
Then introduce the SIGNAL and SLOT to the Event class and making a new thread:

    std::thread th(&Event::event_checker, Event("event1", &my_signal, my_slot));
    
Then whenever you need to trigger the signal, you jest need to write this line:

    my_signal.fire();
    
# Note

For disabling logging implemented on "event.hpp", you just need to undefine "EVENT_LOG" in "main.cpp":

    // #define EVENT_LOG

# License

The source code generated by Masoud Iranmehr (@masoud-iranmehr) is available under the permissive MIT License.


